[Music]
well hey everyone and welcome to this
breakout session on impactful
communication
i hope you've been enjoying the activate
at home virtual conference so far
this has been a crazy year so we started
off supposed to have
activate in quebec and then it got
cancelled all together
and then just like so many of you did
with your business
we all adapted and we brought this
virtual conference to you so i hope
you've been enjoying it
i am really excited about this breakout
session because i get to talk about
something i am
passionate about and that is
communication
and all of you know at this point how
important communication
is oftentimes that is a result of you
gaining a client or perhaps keeping a
client from
transaction to transaction so
communication is essential
in your business but earlier this year i
was doing some research on some
statistics on communication and i want
to share a few of those with you
first off 91
of employees say that their leaders lack
communication skills
91 and i understand that you are
independent contractors but some of you
do have staff members and i think many
of you would consider yourselves
leaders well what would those who you
are leading
say about your communication skills so
that's the business
side but why are all of us in business
in the first place
sure many of us love what we do but the
reality is
that the business also helps fuel our
personal side
well here's the statistic on the
personal side poor communication is
named the number
two reason for divorce so whether you
want success
on personal or on business i think we
can all agree that effective
communication
is essential but what i'm here to argue
today
is that impactful communication which is
the next level up
that is rare so i'm really excited to
jump
into this presentation and i want to set
the table with a little bit of what you
can expect
so sometimes you see a speaker and they
talk about at the beginning
all of the things you're going to learn
in that session
but then you get to the end of it and
you wonder did they actually teach me
all those things they promised that they
were going to
here's what i promise you today i'm
going to give you seven
specific communication ideas
each with its own challenge now while i
say that
even though i'm going to give you seven
challenges i don't want you to do
seven things i don't want you to do six
i don't want you to do five or four
i want you to pick one pick the one
impactful communication challenge that
stands out to you
and then actually go do it actually go
implement that in your business
or your personal life so with that let's
jump
right into it and start with the first
communication idea impactful
communication idea
the gosling and no i'm not talking about
a young goose i'm talking about canadian
heartthrob
ryan gosling because ryan gosling's in
that great movie
called the notebook and what does he do
in that movie he writes
letters 365 of them to rachel mcadams
character it's a beautiful love story
and the fact is that ryan gosling shows
us that you can make an impact
with letters now i'm not basing this
whole
idea off of some movie in fact
everything i talk to you about today
are either things i do on a regular
basis or things i have experimented
with in the past in 2019
i gave myself a challenge to write
letters one per week 52 letters
to those who had made an impact on me in
my life
and there was a couple reasons that i
took on this challenge
first a letter to me is one of the best
things in the world to receive like i
have kept every single letter i've
ever gotten in my life and the second
i was inspired by a speaker named hal
elrod
now i had the chance to see how at the
r4 conference and hal is an incredible
human being with so many great ideas but
one of hal's concepts
is everyone starts their morning for one
of two reasons
either a because they have to or be
because they choose to so the people who
have to
wake up at a certain time something
prompts them out of bed
so their alarms going off and if they
don't get up they're going to be late
for an appointment or for work
or their kid is screaming at them to
make them breakfast before they go off
to school
something prompts those people out of
bad bed usually at the very last second
but the second group of people they are
the ones who
choose to wake up and usually earlier
than they need to
and they typically focus on one of six
activities
the first is exercise the second is
visualization
the third is meditation the fourth is
positive affirmations
the fifth is reading and the sixth the
one that stood out to me
is writing pen to paper writing
now what hal suggests is that you should
perhaps focus on
journal writing or gratitude pages but i
took hal's idea and i tweaked it
and instead of writing to myself i wrote
those letters to
other people and so while i aimed to
send
out 52 letters throughout the year i had
no expectations
of what the response would be the whole
reason i was doing this is because i
knew if
letters mean this much to me even if
they mean a fraction
of that amount to other people this is
going to be a worthwhile process
now the results were incredibly
interesting first off i heard back from
almost everyone i sent a letter to
all of them said it made their day or
their week about a quarter of the people
wrote a letter back to me which like i
say that's one of my favorite things to
receive so that was really
so that was a really great experience
but one of the results that really was
interesting was the number of people who
told me
that they hadn't received a letter in
five years
in 10 years in some cases ever there was
one particular
guy that i knew from high school and i
wrote a letter to him in april 2019
and we were friends in high school we've
stayed decent friends over the years
and i was surprised because he's one of
the people i thought i might have heard
back from
but i didn't that was until april 2020
and he gave me a phone call for a
different reason and we were chatting
for a while and at the end of that
conversation he said
by the way wade i never told you this
but
i got your letter last year and at the
time i was
having some struggles with my work and
there was a few personal challenges
and it meant a lot to me i actually keep
that letter on my dining room table and
i probably go back to it about once a
month and read through it
and i just need you to know that that
meant a lot
right there if i didn't hear from the 51
other people i wrote to that whole
process was worth it based on that
one situation when's the last time
somebody said that about an email that
you wrote
like wow karen did you use helvetica in
this like i am gonna frame this i'm
gonna put it up i'm gonna read it every
day
no people would never say that about an
email letters are different
letters are impactful so here's the
gosling challenge
i challenge you to write eight letters
by hand over the next two months
that's one per week on average now these
letters could be
to a co-worker maybe to somebody who you
met at another conference another agent
it could be to your spouse it could be
to your kids when's the last time
you wrote your kids a letter telling
them that you are proud of them
letters are impactful all right that's
our idea number one
now we're bouncing right on to idea
number two which i call
the voltaire make an impact with
questions and this is an interesting
transition because
questions are kind of the one thing you
probably shouldn't do
in a letter i mean you could you could
write a letter asking a bunch of
questions
but by the time you mail that out it
takes weeks they receive it they write
you back
it's just very inefficient communication
but
questions belong in another type of
communication and that is face to face
or networking events so why is this
called the voltaire well voltaire has
a famous quote judge a man by his
questions
rather than by his answers now i want to
give you an example of where i saw this
having a real life effect
in my job i'm a franchise development
consultant which means i work with a
territory of broker owners
and i help them work on their business
and really every broker
has three main objectives they want to
recruit
new agents they want to retain the great
agents that they have
and they want to help develop those
agents so in this particular instance
we'll call the broker bob that's not his
actual name
bob was trying to recruit an agent in
his city and he was really determined to
get this agent she was a high producer
and thought that she would be a great
addition to his office
but he was really upset he called me and
he explained that despite what he
thought was a great recruiting
interview that she ended up choosing
another brokerage
in the city and so i asked bob to run me
through
how the interview went and so he told me
he sat down with
the agent we'll call her sally so bob
sat down with sally and he said
sally listen we've been tracking your
production the last few years and
it is impressive but we think we can
help bring your business to another
level
there's a few reasons for that first off
we have the highest producing agents
on average out of any office in the city
second
the remax brand recognition is 91
among consumers so you don't have to
explain what you do for a living
people just know when you wear that
balloon pin
third we have training that we are
constantly offering each of our agents
virtual and
in-person hybrid training sally this is
the office for you
sally didn't end up going to that office
i fundamentally believe had bob's
conversation his recruiting interview
included more
questions the odds of sally joining his
office
go way higher let me explain so bob sits
down with sally and he says sally tell
me a little bit
about what you want to accomplish in
your career and sally says well i've had
a great few years
but i think i can reach another level
bob says
what's holding you back sally says well
there's a few issues don't get me wrong
i love my broker
owner she is amazing but our office only
has
so much training i've been through all
of the training
and i still have to explain what i do
for a living people don't know our real
estate company
so i have to start every appointment
that way by explaining what i do
for a living and i have to hire a
third-party marketing company to help me
out as well
and i think that perhaps in another
environment i could have more success
so bob continues to ask a few more
questions and get as much information
out of sally as possible
and then bob can revert to that initial
conversation but now
he is equipped with the information he
got from sally
so he says sally you mentioned that you
have another gear left in you
i couldn't agree more and that name
recognition issue
re max is known by 91 percent of
consumers you ask 91
of consumers to name a real estate
company they will name re max you no
longer have to explain your brand and
the training you mentioned
well that is something our office offers
multiple times a week a combination of
virtual training and
in person sally this is the office for
you
that shift in asking questions i believe
gives bob a higher chance of recruiting
but it's not just me speculating at that
research shows that people who ask
questions
especially follow-up questions are more
liked
by their conversation partners now this
makes sense if you think about any
networking
event you've been to where you're in a
group of people and there's a
conversation on a particular subject
so let's say everyone's talking about
sports somebody's telling a story
and what everyone else in the
conversation is doing is they're racking
their brains trying to think
of a relevant story that they can
incorporate in the conversation
but what's more rare is that people are
actually listening and asking follow-up
questions to those people
who are telling their stories now this
research i mentioned
it comes from a 2017 harvard research
study
where they took different groups of
people and in some groups they asked one
conversation partner to ask a lot of
questions
in the conversation other groups they
said just proceed as normal and the
final group
they said purposefully don't ask
questions don't ask follow-up questions
and when they rated how satisfactory
these conversations were for the other
person who was involved in the
conversations
consistently they found that those who
asked more questions
were more liked they found that when
people ask more questions they are
perceived as higher
in responsiveness which is an
interpersonal construct that
captures listening understanding
validation
and care by the way this experiment
included a speed dating element and in
the speed dating scenario
those people who asked more questions
were more likely
to get a second date so i know when you
jumped on to this remax breakout session
you probably didn't expect to get
dating advice but all of you single re
max agents out
there you're welcome just ask more
questions in dates or on tinder or
wherever you're trying to find
a potential suitor so here is the
volunteer challenge over the next month
i want you to make a point of asking
more questions in every conversation
you are in whether it's a conversation
in the elevator or with one of the admin
staff in your office
or again with your spouse or your kids i
want you to imagine that somebody is
keeping score you get one point for
every question you ask and at the end of
every conversation
i want you to win by asking more
questions all right on to number three
the strombo make an impact with
interviews
now by strombo of course i'm referring
to the great canadian interviewer george
strombolopolis got a start on much music
as a vj
and then went to cbc the hour and then
the strombo
show and george tromblopoulos has showed
us that you can make an
impact with interviews and this is
something that i should have
realized a long time ago because i used
to earn a paycheck
based on the fact that i interviewed
other
people i got the chance to interview
some really interesting people when i
worked as a journalist
for capital news newspaper in kelowna
such as
ed robertson from the bare naked ladies
and the hanson brothers from the movie
slap shot
by the way in that photo i just asked
the two if i could take a photo with
them they were the ones who just grabbed
my collar and put up their fists i guess
they're used to doing that pose in every
photo
but despite the fact that my paycheck
was predicated on me
asking questions i didn't fully
understand the value of an interview
until i moved over to remax and i had
the chance to meet one
agent michael thorne and those of you
who know michael know he's an incredibly
innovative individual with a lot of
really great ideas but one of his
concepts early on in 2013 was that he
launched a series in north langley
called my 30 favorite places in 30 days
the concept was this michael featured
various businesses
various community locations and services
and he interviewed those people and one
day at a time he released
these videos what michael helped me
understand is that interviews
allow you to leverage somebody else's
knowledge and experience but especially
their audience so let me explain one of
the
biggest challenges that we have on
social media
is reaching other people so we could be
producing great
killer content but at the end of the day
it's very difficult to get that content
in front of a lot of different people
take your facebook business page for
example
you may have 200 people who like or
follow your business page
so your content is reduced to that
audience
actually only a fraction of that
audience unless one of two things happen
first somebody shares that content
outside
to their own timeline or to another
group that they're involved with
or number two if you put paid dollars or
advertisements
behind that content to reach a greater
audience
well interviewing somebody else allows
you to hack into this
and to reach a greater audience
organically let me explain
so i want you to think of 10 businesses
in your area think of the best coffee
shop in town
the best place to get a burger the best
place to get a pint doesn't have to be
food related
the best place to get your car serviced
or to get your hair cut
so you make a list of these 10 or 15 or
20 places
and then you plan out to interview these
business owners and tell their story
and you can batch these interviews over
three or four days
now an important piece here is to make
sure that the video quality is good so
if you don't have that skill set
for this process you may want to hire
somebody who can help you
produce great video and then you
meet with the business owner so let's
say i'm interviewing joe of joe's coffee
shop
so i'm standing there beside joe and i
say hey everyone it's wade patterson of
remax of western canada welcome to day
two of my 10
favorite places in 10 days today i'm
with joe of joe's coffee shop
joe tell us a little bit about your
coffee shop and how you got started here
in kelowna
joe tells a story i ask a few more
questions boom the piece of content is
done
so after this interview i say thanks so
much joe for doing the interview
now you're gonna be my second day in
this interview series
i'm gonna post this to social media and
i'll tag your business when i do that
if it's okay with you do you mind
sharing that out to your audience
what's joe going to say joe's going to
be thrilled especially if the video
content is good
here is somebody else raving about how
great joe's business is and how it's the
best coffee shop in town that is going
to be fantastic content for him to share
but here's where the value comes in for
you
you may only have 200 people who like
your facebook business page but joe
if it's the best coffee shop in town
what would he have
three thousand and then you multiply
that by all of the different businesses
and here's a key point and this is the
importance of being with re max
remember how i started that video i said
hey everyone it's wade patterson with re
max of western canada
today i'm interview at that point
people know what i do i don't have to
say anymore i said re max
i could even have a little balloon logo
in the corner of the video people
understand
that i'm a real estate agent at that
point whereas
somebody else with another company it
would be a really awkward start to the
video if they're like
hey it's wade patterson of wade
patterson's personal real estate
corporation i can help you with your
next buying or selling need and today
i'm with
you've already lost you've already lost
the audience at that point it feels too
salesy
i can just quickly mention re max people
know what i do
and they know that i care about the
community that i
live in so this is a great opportunity
to reach a greater number of people on
social media so here is
the strombo challenge
create a minimum 10 day interview series
now this is the toughest one
so far right the last two were a little
bit easier this one is one of the most
difficult but sometimes the most
difficult challenges
are the ones that have the best roi for
us
so on to the next one number four the
rogan
make an impact with podcasts and i'm
interested right now maybe you could
type in the group chat
any real estate or business podcast that
you like or you enjoy
listening to feel free to to throw those
in the chat
and if you're somebody who doesn't
really know what a podcast is or where
you would go
to even download a podcast don't feel
bad i was in that position
two years ago but i had my aha moment
when i was traveling on a work trip and
it was on the first flight
it was one of those flights where you
had the layover is on the first flight
i discovered that i was sick of my music
so i had thousands of songs downloaded
on my phone but i kept hitting next song
next song next song
and i was just so sick of all of the
music on my phone
so when i got to that first airport for
the layover i put a message out on
facebook
and i asked my friends to recommend some
of the best podcast business related
podcasts that they could suggest
and there was a ton of answers that came
in so i downloaded several of those
podcasts
and on the next flight that is when i
realized the value of a podcast and any
of you who listen to audio books or
you're already podcast listeners you
already know this
but i wasn't just killing time i was
educating myself
and it was such a good feeling that when
i got back to kelowna those habits stuck
with me
so now my drives to work didn't consist
of top 40 music
they were replaced by relevant podcasts
which
would help educate me podcasts
also have done something that so few
other mediums have
and that is captured people's attention
for a significant length of time that is
one of our biggest challenges when it
comes to communication is capturing
people's attention
even videos and video content is one of
the best types of content you can do but
think about the last time
you were on facebook scrolling through
and you saw a video that was two minutes
and you were like
uh do i have two minutes of my life that
i want to dedicate to watching this
video
and you scroll right past it but while
we'll scroll past a two minute video on
social media
we will listen to a 20 minute a 30
minute
a three hour podcast from start
to finish now it's important to know how
we're doing this
we're not sitting on our couch on the
edge of our seat with the speaker right
beside us listening to the whole three
hour podcast
no we're doing it in little breaks so
driving from appointment
to appointment you'll listen to a little
bit or then you'll go to the gym
and have the podcast on your headphones
for about an hour and then you'll go
home and you'll cook a meal and on your
google home speaker you'll be listening
to the podcast there
but over time if the content is good
we will listen to all of that for hours
on end and that is an access to
attention that is incredibly
rare and one reason you may want to
consider
podcasting but there's a second reason
let's be real
most people tuning into this right now
this is not the challenge you're going
to choose because
podcasts are a bit difficult the barrier
to entry is high enough
that most people won't actually do this
challenge but sometimes when it is just
that difficult
the biggest roi exists so the biggest
benefit
because if we look at where voice
technology is going and even the st
even the statistics on how many podcasts
are out there and how many people have
listened
to podcast over the last five years how
that
graph is going straight up we see that
this is a trend that is likely
going to stay now we have a podcast with
re max of western canada called the re
max hustle
podcast and i've been very involved with
that and i've learned a lot over the
process so if you have any questions if
this
is something you actually want to take
on reach out to me whether it's what
equipment to use or how to syndicate
your podcast or
advice on creating the script i'm happy
to help
but here's the rogan challenge this
probably bumps the strombo for the
hardest challenge that i'm going to give
you today
and that is create a podcast and launch
at least five
episodes five episodes is key so often
you see podcasts that are out there that
did one or two and then just abandon
ship
you want to create at least five to give
yourself a fair chance of going through
this process and getting comfortable
with it
but the roi may be significant all right
on to an easier one the onion make an
impact more than once what does onion
what do onions have onions have layers
and so
does your content and so often we create
a piece of content and we assume
awesome that is one piece of content job
done i don't have to do
anything else but the truth is each
piece of your content
if you think about it a little
differently can actually be multiple
pieces of content
so let me explain i just mentioned that
we have the re max hustle podcast
so each episode you could have the
attitude of
awesome i've got one piece of content
that's on apple podcast and spotify
jobs done but no we need to tell people
that this podcast episode exists so in
the example on the screen
i took a photo of one of the guests so
this was episode number 50 with scott
stratton and scott stratton is
a genius when it comes to marketing
really great episode
and so i took a photo of scott and i
used an app called word swag
you can also use canva there's a million
other apps that you can do this on
but i took that photo i added some text
on it to show what episode number it was
and then i slapped the re max hustle
podcast logo in the corner
boom we have just doubled our content
output and now we have an image that we
can share on facebook or instagram or
twitter or
linkedin to let people know with a link
to the podcast
that the podcast is now live so now
we're done right we got two pieces of
content
no because scott said a lot of really
great things
in that episode so we want to highlight
those things
there was one quote that really stood
out so when i interviewed scott it was
in april the height of the pandemic
and scott said in a time of crisis you
do one of two
things you help or shut up love that
quote so powerful
so again i'm going to use word swag but
this time i'm not going to do the square
image i'm going to do a vertical image
which is story sized and now i have a
piece of content for instagram stories
for facebook stories and brand new
linkedin stories
and here's the thing for those of you
who have the linkedin app i want you to
go there right now
and look at the top because there's the
little circles you might have to update
the app if you haven't done that
recently
update the app and there will be little
circles at the top which is people
stories
and there's probably i'm guessing going
to be four to ten because linkedin
stories are brand new
but i promise you this one year from now
there won't be four to ten there will be
40 to 100
stories up there that you're competing
with but right now
because so few people have adapted to
this if you
actually do linkedin stories on a
regular basis
you're going to be that little circle at
the top of everyone's linkedin
app on a consistent basis because people
haven't adjusted and adapted yet
so now we've tripled our content output
one interview we've got three pieces of
content so we're done
right no because there were more great
things scott
said so we want to highlight those
things so within this
instance i wrote a linkedin interview
now
i transcribed the quotes myself just a
few key ones that he said you can also
use a transcriber service to do this
but now you have blog content for your
linkedin or you could take this and put
this
on your website by the way going back to
the example
in the strombo section about how you
leverage people's audience
i tagged scott stratton in this post
and without me asking he shared that out
to his linkedin network as well and he
has a lot more connections on linkedin
than i do
and so that is my content getting in
front of all of those
eyeballs so here is the onion challenge
over the next month i want you to
take 10 pieces of content and turn it
into
30 pieces of content now i'm not asking
you
to triple your workload i'm asking you
to be more resourceful for the content
and the work that you're
already doing to get triple
the output all right on to the next
challenge the next impactful
communication idea
and that is the slide make an impact
with direct messages now
i'm gonna throw a photo up on the screen
and i'm wondering maybe you could type
in the chat let me know if this
triggers a little bit of nostalgia for
you the great
msn messenger so many of us used it back
in the day some of us used icq
but msn messenger was a great platform
for going back and forth which was
quicker than email
communication and i went to high school
in tabor alberta i was about to go off
to college in calgary
and before i moved i was talking to my
mom and we were talking about how we
would stay in touch and
obviously we would do phone calls but i
was telling my mom you should consider
downloading this msn messenger and my
mother is
wary of technology like any sort of text
she's
hesitant to get into but i convinced her
it's just like email but it's a little
bit
quicker and so she reluctantly
eventually agreed
to download msn so i went off to college
and it was several months and my mom was
never on
msn messenger but finally one day
i saw that she logged in and i knew it
was my mom
because she was the only one without a
profile photo
like she just had that little msn icon
and so i sent her a message i said hey
mom
then i waited a while and it said wendy
is typing and then that went away
and then eventually she said hello wait
is that you i said hey mom yep it's me
how's it going and then my mom said
wade how do i know this is you
and i was thinking to myself well
there's a photo of me there in the
corner and it says
wade is typing this message like i
thought it was pretty clear
but i said mom it's me dot dot dot
so my mom said wait if that's you how
many brothers and sisters do you have
and what are their names
my own mother was giving me a security
question before we could continue this
msn
conversation and a part of me was really
thinking about giving her a fake
answer but then i thought no that's
going to be mean so i said
really a security question mom i have a
brother named wes and a sister named
shauna
and then my mom typed what town did you
grow up in
yeah no it wasn't good enough to ask one
verification question she had to double
that up double level of security and i
said tabor mom it's me
and she said okay we can talk now.
and although this is a funny story and
it pokes fun of my mom and her
wariness when it comes to technology it
actually points out an interesting
challenge with msn messenger or
text message or whatsapp or facebook
messenger
or any of these forms of communication
even email
and it comes down to these numbers 55
38 7. these numbers represent
how we communicate a message so the 55
represents 55 55 of a message is
communicated
based on body language 38
of a message is based on vocal tone
and only 7 of the way a message is
communicated from one person to another
is based on the actual words we say
now this might seem a little bit crazy
but let me explain to you using an
example
hey everyone i am so excited to be here
thank you so much for having me on this
breakout session
that was example one example two
hey everyone thanks so much for having
me
on this on this breakout session i
wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the
world than than right here right now
right i just gave two examples using
basically identical phrasing identical
words
but they had two completely different
meanings meaning number one was genuine
i was actually
really excited to be here in the example
number two
you could see that i clearly wasn't even
though i was using the words to indicate
that i was so 93 of communication
is non-verbal yet when we use text
message or emails we are relying on that
seven percent to get across
a full message and think about how many
times you've misinterpreted an email or
you've wondered why is this person mad
at me
in terms of they weren't mad at all it's
just the way they wrote
that particular email one way we're able
to change this
is by incorporating video into our
messages
so many of you use an app a tool called
bom bom
for video messages which is a fantastic
tool it gives you all sorts of analytics
it tells you when somebody opens that
email it tells you when they've watched
your video and this is video email and
often times
shooting a video and sending that to
somebody through email is quicker than
actually typing out
the email itself but you don't have to
have a service or a subscription with
bombbomb
to send video messages you can shoot a
video on your phone
and you could send that as an instagram
direct message or through a text message
or even attach it to an email so there
are options
for using video but video messages allow
you
to get across that 93 percent of
communication that is missing
from text only messages so here is the
slide
challenge send at least 10 video direct
messages or
emails over the next month those of you
who already use
bomb bombbomb this isn't your easy out
you have to choose a different challenge
but for those of you who don't
send video messages like this try it out
because i
guarantee you will see great results and
people will appreciate
the fact that you took the time to send
them a video and on to
the final challenge the santa
challenge the santa is the last
impactful communication
idea and you may be wondering why
there's an image of a candle
that smells like a vinyl store well that
goes back to a conversation i had with
somebody named
johnny cupcakes so his actual name is
johnny earl but he goes by johnny
cupcakes and he was actually our speaker
for those of you who are at the activate
conference last year
he was one of our keynote speakers and
johnny has created this awesome
store that appears to be a cupcake
factory or
a cupcake bakery but it's actually a
t-shirt shop so when you walk in there's
the smells of
vanilla frosting and there's fridges and
ovens but when you open those fridges
and ovens there's not cupcakes
there's t-shirts and when you buy a
t-shirt it comes wrapped
in a pastry box and every customer
whether they purchase something or not
they leave johnny's store with a story
that they can tell
others so johnny is an expert on brand
hysteria
but i had a chance to interview him on
the re max hustle podcast and he told me
a story
that really stuck out to me and was
really powerful
so there was one day in july a few years
ago where he was standing
with his staff in the boardroom and they
were chatting about
the best christmas gifts they ever
received as a child
so you even right now watching this
think about the best christmas gift you
ever got as a child
and they went around and they were all
telling the stories of these different
gifts
recalling the nostalgia they had smiles
on their faces
and it was really fun to hear all of
these stories
but what they didn't realize is that
their leader their boss johnny
was taking note of their answers and so
over the next six
months johnny sourced out all of those
gifts on ebay
on amazon at garage sales all of those
rare toys and those nostalgic gifts and
then that year at christmas
he gave all of his staff members their
favorite childhood gifts
some staff members cried
it meant so much to them knowing that
they had a leader who not only
listened to their answers and remembered
those things but actually
cared enough to do that
now i want you to remember that
statistic i showed you at the very
beginning of the presentation the one
that said
91 of employees say that their leaders
lack communication skills how many one
of johnny's
employees on that day would have said
that he lacks communication skills
my guess is zero johnny was an impactful
communicator
and it showed with his leadership skills
so why is there
a photo of a candle that smells like a
vinyl star well i was so inspired by
what johnny told me on that day
that i went back to an earlier part of
the interview and he talked about one of
his favorite things in life and that is
the smell of a record store
and so this goes back to his days
working at a record store called
newberry comics in boston
and he said he just loved that it brings
joy to him and so i scoured the internet
to find a record store smelling candle
and there was one shop
for all i know one shop in la that sells
a vinyl store smelling camera
candle and so i knew i had to get that
for johnny so i sent it to him along
with a handwritten note thanking for him
for being
on the podcast taking johnny's example
so here is the santa challenge this year
give at least five next level kick ass
gifts
to those who mean a lot to you and this
could be
it's better if it doesn't happen just at
christmas this could be a random time
just to show
somebody your appreciation and perhaps
be a great leader
so that is all of the impactful
communication concepts and challenges
let's run through them really quickly so
we have the gosling write eight letters
by hand
over the next two months the voltaire
challenge
ask more questions in every single
conversation you are
in the strombo make an impact with
interviews launch a 10-day
interview series the rogan launch a
podcast and do at least
five episodes that one is the toughest
if not the strombo
and then there's the onion this is
something fundamentally everybody should
do
but take 10 pieces of content and find a
way to turn that into 30 pieces of
content
the slides send at least 10 video emails
or direct messages
over the next month and the final one
the santa challenge give at least five
kick-ass next level gifts thank you so
much to everyone who took the time
to watch this breakout session if you
have any questions
let me know i'm happy to help you out
and enjoy the rest of the activate at
home conference